

Skip to content



Example-1 IT and Business Blog


Contact us








Back





 










FeaturedOnline gambling in Finland: Casino funds go for charity and social needs 


 


Despite incredible popularity of gambling in Finland, casino activities here used to be strictly regulated by the governmental authorities. Even though the European Union still imposes pressure on the nationwide love for gambling and is trying to put an end to the local casino monopoly, Finland doesn’t want to give in to their restrictions.
Instead, netticasino activities here are still on the rise while the local land-based and online gambling platforms keep growing and developing at a rapid speed. 
Meanwhile, some decisions of the local government may seem quite surprising for other European states. In fact, this type of entertainment is not just a way to have fun and hit incredible winnings but also legally approved tendency to help charity organizations. Today, most casinos here use their funds for social support and charity purposes.  
Finland as the first-ever European country where casino funds are spent on social needs
With the huge growth of casino business in Finland, slot machines here can now be found almost everywhere – from supermarkets and hotels to restaurants, pubs and petrol stations. However, unlike other European countries, the profits gained from local casino business are most often spent on the improvement of different social spheres and meeting the needs of the population. Finland is even rated as the first country in Europe and the fifth state in the world that has adopted this policy.
To promote this tendency, the Slot Machine Association of Finland (RAY) spends its annual gains of more than hundreds of millions Euros uses this money to support the well-being of the Finnish nation.
For many people, it is often surprising that outwardly calm Fins appear to be very passionate gamblers. As claimed by the experts of RAY organization, the local citizens enjoy playing all sorts of casino games. Even more than that – Finland occupies the first place in Europe and the fifth place in the world according to the total amount of money spent on slot games. However, the most amazing thing about this is that Finland is also a country where the nationwide passion for gambling skillfully translates into the gradual improvement of the citizens’ life quality.
What spheres of social wellbeing benefit from gambling business
The funds gained by Finland’s casinos from slot machine entertainment are most often spent on the support of:

Child protection organizations;
Volunteer organizations;
Support of people with intellectual disabilities;
Healthcare services for alcohol and drug addicts;
Veteran protection agencies, etc.

A few years ago, the above list was also added with the charitable support of crisis centers which offer help in difficult situations. The financial assistance covered such fields as the improvement of the national sphere of employment and rehabilitation of the elderly and disabled individuals. In addition, the support was received by families where children faced difficult life situations.
Finland’s casino funds go for charity and social help
Finland has always been known for its monopoly in the segment of online gaming and national lotteries. This has given the state much freedom in regulating the local casino business. Over the years, the growing popularity of smartphones and tablets has also contributed to the substantial growth of online casino earnings.
Today, the financial help granted by the local gaming companies has made this business even more successful than ever before. That’s because the support of vulnerable groups of the population is the key to the nation’s prosperity as a whole. What’s more, a sizeable part of profits gained by local casinos is transferred to the Ministry of Public Health and Social Development.
For instance, last year the total amount of money spent on social help was equal to over 417 million Euros. This sum was then distributed across numerous minor organizations that pursue the same goal – to improve national well-being.
As a result, the charitable support from the gambling industry was received by millions of people all over Finland.
More information on Swedish online casinos you can find at nätcasino top site.



Posted byPosted inGamblingLeave a comment on Online gambling in Finland: Casino funds go for charity and social needs 



Advice on Academic Writing 


 


The first writing advice: Various topic observations are not sufficient to create an accomplished essay. Such paper should present an argument. It should prove something by evidence and reasoning, especially comprising confirming citations and apt examples from any certain sources or text your argument involves. 
Collecting such evidence usually entails rereading of the sources or text with a provisional thesis or question in mind.The second writing advice: When an assigned subject matter does not support you with a convenient thesis, you should formulate the questions you are going to explore in your paper. Then, develop by considering, reading, and writing a provisional hypothesis or thesis. 
Top Academic Writing Services:
Custom essays
Proessay
Expert writers
Writemyservice.com
Essay Writing Services


Pursue and test it and be prepared to qualify or revise it when your work progresses.The third writing advice: 
There are some ways, in which a certain argument may be presented well, but the organization of your essay should be planned to introduce your argument obviously and influentially.
The fourth writing advice: Helpful methods of essay composing are numerous, but practices of professional writers are invariable:
1. They begin writing early, before they consider they are prepared to write, as they use writing as a means of discovery and exploration.
2. Professionals do not attempt to create a paper from start to end, but write what looks readiest to be produced, even though they are not certain whether or how this will fit in.
3. In spite of writing so unreservedly, they hold the essays overall aim and arrangement in mind, improving them as drafting proceeds.



Posted byPosted inwritingLeave a comment on Advice on Academic Writing 



How was SnapChat able to grow so quickly? 


 


The following was my response on clarity.fm to the question “How was SnapChat able to grow so quickly?”.  You can view the full set of answers here.
There are several reasons SnapChat was able to grow so quickly. Here’s my take on the biggest factors.
1. Network Effects/Communication apps – the most viral products are
those that have increasing value as more friends use them. Typical
examples include FB, LinkedIn but even more extreme as pure viral
products are communication tools such as a phone, text message or email,
which effectively have zero value without at least 1 other person using
them. Products such as these face a huge challenge of making something
addictive enough that it will be used at high frequency between friends
but if they’re able to achieve this they can generate almost
indefensible network effects.
2. Reduced friction – photo-sharing is one of the most frequent daily
behaviors of smart phone users. By making photos private and
disappearing Snapchat reduced the friction or hesitation to share since:
a) you’re more likely to share a goofy photo and send more per day if
it’s not on FB and b) you’re more likely to send something a little edgy
(whatever that means to you) if it’s going to disappear. In addition
the UI is one screen which makes it extremely easy and fast to send a
photo or video in the moment
3) Stickiness – snapchat’s disappearing photo feature makes each
incoming snap a surprise. There are several games that have leveraged
this technique for years to get users to come back but the brilliance of
snapchat is that it’s baked into the product itself
4) Fun – by building a product that takes several features users are
already doing but packaging them together SnapChat has created a fun,
addicting and unique brand. Being able to send a photo, draw on it and
add text make it more addicting.
5) Mobile & app rankings – it’s hard to get noticed or build a
growth strategy around a mobile only product. The best chance of doing
so is to build a great product that leverages word of mouth, has great
design, low activation barriers (simple) and some form of virality built
in (easy way to invite phone contacts or syndicate to social networks).
Once you do however reach a wide enough audience, appearing at the top
of the charts in app rankings adds additional fuel to your mobile
growth.
For the past several years companies have leveraged FB as the most
effective viral strategy but I believe we are seeing a shift towards
your mobile phone & contacts as being the biggest untapped
distribution platform and one that FB cannot control or police



Posted byPosted inITLeave a comment on How was SnapChat able to grow so quickly? 











Search for:





Recent Posts



Online gambling in Finland: Casino funds go for charity and social needs


Advice on Academic Writing


How was SnapChat able to grow so quickly?


Contact us
Recent Comments
 


Example-1 IT and Business Blog,

Proudly powered by WordPress. 









	/(trident|msie)/i.test(navigator.userAgent)&&document.getElementById&&window.addEventListener&&window.addEventListener("hashchange",function(){var t,e=location.hash.substring(1);/^[A-z0-9_-]+$/.test(e)&&(t=document.getElementById(e))&&(/^(?:a|select|input|button|textarea)$/i.test(t.tagName)||(t.tabIndex=-1),t.focus())},!1);
	

